---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: Learn all about earning cash online using Affiliate Programs
datePublished: '2015-12-08T16:09:23.737Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-08T16:08:00.320Z'
title: Welcome
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-08-welcome.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: welcome/index.html
_type: Article

---
Affiliate programs are an excellent way to earn income while
working from home, the beach, a cabin in the woods, and even while you
sleep. 

What is an Affiliate Program or Affiliate Marketing?

In its most basic form it is advertising someone else's products
or services and receiving payments for doing so. When you do this, and are not
an employee of the person or company you are advertising for, you are an "affiliate"
of theirs. Becoming an affiliate often requires approval first. This is quite
often a simple process but sometimes approval is only granted to limited
individuals who qualify under certain criteria. That criteria could be that you
own a website that relates to their products or services such as jewelry,
bicycles, clothing, sports, electronics, or thousands other possibilities.

You don't need a website to become an affiliate. There are
many other ways to promote affiliate programs and earn cash using social media,
footers at the bottom of emails, setting up a simple blog on WordPress or
another blog site or even paying a few cents to run ads online that generate
dollars per sale. Some affiliate programs will even pay you per view, or
getting someone to click a link and go to their website. Insurance companies,
loan brokers, and others will pay if you refer someone to their site and they
fill out an online application. These can pay $50 or more per application
submitted! 

You see, there are many opportunities to earn cash and even
a full time income as an affiliate. The best part is -- you can do it from
anywhere, there is NO COST to begin, and you don't have to deal with people or
customers.

Who offers affiliate programs? 

Let's see -- Amazon.com for starters. Norton Antivirus, Macy's, Walmart, and
many other big name companies. While these are excellent sources to affiliate
with due to name recognition and potential sales, they are not always the best
paying or most profitable. Quite often smaller businesses with niche products
or services will pay much higher for your efforts. 

There are "tricks of the trade", good programs and not so
good programs, and other considerations that will determine your success. There
are tools that show how successful promoting certain products are and which
make the most money. There are websites you can join for free that present offers
from hundreds of companies looking for affiliates to promote their products or
services.  
Follow along with me and learn how to become a successful affiliate and start
earning an online income in your spare time. 

Start by looking at Amazon and what they call the "Amazon Associates Program". They even have a nice Google Chrome Browser plugin that makes it easy to create links. As of this writing you start at 4% commission per sale and the number goes up the more referrals and sales you send their way. Click here to get started --[Amazon Home][0]

[0]: http://amazon.com/?_encoding=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&linkCode=ur2&tag=affiblog05-20&linkId=OMLXBJ7X4XWDM7C3